# Text for Look-back Sensitivity Analysis (to export)


As an additional robustness check within the existing cohort, we repeated the
day level analyses after truncating the observation horizon to the final
100-days of life. Truncating the observation horizon to 100 days slightly but
negligibly increased the number of hospitals with at least one \pcdp\ day to
**153** (**19.79\%** of hospitals), in contrast to **148** hospitals
(**19.15\%** of hospitals) using the full 200 days.  

This difference was due to **4** additional hospitals having at least one
\pmp\ day (**82** hospitals compared to **78** hospitals with the full 200 day
look-back) and **one** additional hospital having at least one \wmp\ day
(**71** with a 100 day window versus **70** with the 200 day window).  There
was also a minimal increase in the number of hospitals found to be \mwp\:
**51** for 100 days vs **46** for 200. 

Despite these small changes, our main observations at 200 days hold for the
100 day data.  The vast majority of days with detected disparities still
favored earlier hospice initiation among people of color with **79.7\%** of
\pcdp\ days being \pmp\ days with the 100 day look-back, similar to the
**81.8\%** for the 200 day look-back.  The number of \pcdp\ days didn't
substantially decrease with the truncated 100 day window, **1435** days for
100 days versus **1485** days for 200 days.  This is because, as shown in
Figure 2, most of the \pcdp\ days are concentrated close to death. 

The finding that our temporal method identifies inequities missed by
traditional, frequency-based test could be appreciated under either look-back
period: **112** hospitals had at least one \pcdp\ day but where \fen\ for the
100 day look-back compared to **107** hospitals for the 200 day look-back. 

This sensitivity analysis shows that though we observe small changes in the
results with a truncated dataset comprising only the final 100 days of life,
these fluctuations do not affect the fundamental patterns observed or the main
conclusions drawn from our primary analysis. 


